1. Executors: Prior to Storm 0.8.0, a running topology consisted of
some number of workers and some number of tasks that ran on those
workers. In the old model, worker = process and task = thread. Storm
0.8.0 changes this model by introducing executors. In this model, a
worker = process, an executor = thread, and one executor runs many
tasks from the same spout/bolt.

One thread can run several spout/bolt. even the same one.
so the schedule hierarchy becomes worker(process)  -> executor(thread) -> task(each spout/bolt.)
so executor or single thread can run several the same task.
but can't run different task.


The reason for the change is that the old model complected the
semantics of the topology with its physical execution. For example, if
you had a bolt with 4 tasks doing a fields grouping on some stream, in
order to maintain the semantics of the fields grouping (that the same
value always goes to the same task id for that bolt), the number of
tasks for that bolt needs to be fixed for the lifetime of the
topology, and since task = thread, the number of threads for that bolt
is fixed for the lifetime of the topology. In the new model, the
number of threads for a bolt is disassociated from the number of
tasks, meaning you can change the number of threads for a spout/bolt
dynamically without affecting semantics. Similarly, if you're keeping
large amounts of state in your bolts, and you want to increase the
parallelism of the bolt without having to repartition the state, you
can do this with the new executors.

At the API level, the "parallelism_hint" now specifies the initial
number of executors for that bolt. You can specify the number of tasks
using the TOPOLOGY_TASKS component config. For example:

builder.setBolt(new MyBolt(),3).setNumTasks(128).shuffleGrouping("spout");

This sets the initial number of executors to 3 and the number of tasks to 128.

If you don't specify the number of tasks for a component, it will be
fixed to the initial number of executors for the lifetime of the
topology.

Finally, you can change the number of workers and/or number of
executors for components using the "storm rebalance" command. The
following command changes the number of workers for the "demo"
topology to 3, the number of executors for the "myspout" component to
5, and the number of executors for the "mybolt" component to 1:

storm rebalance demo -n 3 -e myspout=5 -e mybolt=1



